README.md, before:

# Daily Resources

Record some Front End and Node.js resources.

Continually updated.

## ACM

* [codewars][codewars]
* [leetbook][leetbook] A leetcode analysis.
* [leetcode][leetcode]

## Animation

* [animate css][animate css]
* [velocity][velocity] Accelerated JavaScript animation.

## Awesomes

* [awesomes][awesomes]
* [awesome-blockchain-cn][awesome-blockchain-cn] Awesome BlockChain in China
* [awesome-egg][awesome-egg]
* [awesome-electron][awesome-electron]
* [awesome-eslint][awesome-eslint] A list of awesome ESLint plugins, configs, etc.
* [awesome-flow][awesome-flow] A list of awesome Flow integrations, tools, tutorials, etc.
* [awesome-go][awesome-go] A curated list of awesome Go frameworks, libraries and software
* [awesome-koa][awesome-koa]
* [awesome-react][awesome-react]
* [awesome-react-native][awesome-react-native] Awesome React Native components, news, tools, and learning material!
* [awesome-vue][awesome-vue] 🎉 A curated list of awesome things related to Vue.js

## CMS UI

* [Ant-design-pro][ant-design-pro]
* [Iview-admin][iview-admin]

## Common Sources

* [docschina][docschina] 🔥🔥🔥 many docs by Chinese.
* [FE-tutorial][fe-tutorial]
* [Front-end-Web-Development-Interview-Question][front-end-web-development-interview-question]
* [frontend-dev-bookmarks][frontend-dev-bookmarks] Manually curated collection of resources for frontend web developers.
* [JS.coach][js.coach] 🎉 A manually curated list of packages related to React, Webpack, Babel and PostCSS
* [kancloud][kancloud] 🔥🔥🔥 看云：一个专业技术文档和书籍的写作和阅读网站和托管平台
* [learnVue][learnvue] Vue.js source code analysis
* [MDN][mdn] Cntains many Front Develop Sources
* [naotu][naotu] 百度脑图
* [Node Frameworks][node frameworks] Hand-picked registry of Node.js frameworks.
* [offernews][offernews]
* [Tampermonkey][tampermonkey] 一款免费的浏览器扩展和最为流行的用户脚本管理器
* [wallhalla][wallhalla] A best images collection.

## DB

* [mongodb][mongodb]
* [pouchdb][pouchdb] 🐨 - PouchDB is a pocket-sized database.

## Develop Using Libraries

* [anchorjs][anchorjs] Add deep anchor links to your docs.
* [EaselJS][easeljs] A library for building high-performance interactive 2D content in HTML5.
* [rough][rough] Create graphics with a hand-drawn, sketchy, appearance

### Vue

* [babel-plugin-jsx-v-model][babel-plugin-jsx-v-model] JSX Syntactic Sugar Plugin for v-model
* [vue-hackernews-2.0][vue-hackernews-2.0]

## Develop Tips

* [Vue-tips][vue-tips] Minimal Vue API

## Develop Tools

* [vscode][vscode]
* [tinypng][tinypng] Optimize your images with a perfect balance in quality and file size.

## Electron

* [Electron][electron] Build cross platform desktop apps with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
* [electron-react-boilerplate][electron-react-boilerplate]
* [electron-vue][electron-vue]

## Flow chart

* [process on][process on]

## FrameWork

* [Eggjs][eggjs]
* [Koa][koa]
* [React][react]
* [Vue][vue]
* [phaser][phaser] A fun, free and fast 2D game framework for making HTML5 games for desktop and mobile web browsers, supporting Canvas and WebGL rendering.
* [pomelo][pomelo] A fast,scalable,distributed game server framework for Node.js.

## Git

* [Git][git]

## Html-semantics

* <a href="https://github.com/BosenY/bookmarks/blob/master/html-semantics.CN.md">html-semantics</a>
* [semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors][semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors]
* [high-performance-html][high-performance-html]

## Icon

* [IconFont][iconfont]
* [Font-Awesome][font-awesome]
* [material-design-icons][material-design-icons] Material Design icons by Google
* [sketch-feather][sketch-feather] Sketch library for Feather icons

## IOT

* [Ruff][ruff]

## Other

* [amp][amp]

## Plain

* [plainjs][plainjs]

## Pokemon

* [pokeapi][pokeapi] A restful api for pokemon
* [pokedex][pokedex] More than you ever wanted to know about Pokémon
* [pokemondb][pokemondb] Pokémon Database

## PPT

* [reveal.js][reveal.js]
* [slides][slides]
* [smallpdf][smallpdf]

## Resume

* [best-resume-ever][best-resume-ever] 👔 💼 Build fast 🚀 and easy multiple beautiful resumes and create your best CV ever! Made with Vue and LESS.
* [ResumeSample][resumesample]

## Site generator

* [docsify][docsify] 🃏 A magical documentation site generator.
* [gatsby][gatsby] ⚛️📄🚀 Blazing fast static site generator for React
* [hexo][hexo] A fast, simple & powerful blog framework, powered by Node.js.
* [vuepress][vuepress] 📝 Minimalistic Vue-powered static site generator

## Style Guide

* [clean-code-javascript][clean-code-javascript] 🛁 Clean Code concepts adapted for JavaScript
* [clean-code-javascript-cn][clean-code-javascript-cn] JavaScript 风格指南
* [eslint-plugin-react][eslint-plugin-react] React specific linting rules for ESLint
* [eslint-plugin-vue][eslint-plugin-vue] Official ESLint plugin for Vue.js
* [javascript][javascript] JavaScript Style Guide
* [javascript-cn][javascript-cn] JavaScript Style Guide 中文版
* [standard][standard] 🌟 JavaScript Style Guide, with linter & automatic code fixer

## Tensorflow

* [tensorflow-js][tensorflow-js] A WebGL accelerated, browser based JavaScript library for training and deploying ML models.

## Typechecker

* [flow][flow] Adds static typing to JavaScript to improve developer productivity and code quality.

## UI Componets

### Vue

1.  PC

    * [Element][element]
    * [Iview][iview]
    * ...

2.  Mobile
    * [Mint-ui][mint-ui]
    * [Vux][vux]
    * ...

### React

1.  PC

    * [Material-Ui][material-ui]
    * [Ant-design][ant-design]
    * ...

2.  Mobile

    * [Ant-design-mobile][ant-design-mobile]
    * [React-weui][react-weui]
    * ...

3.  React-Native

    * [React Native UI][react native ui] Cross Platform React Native UI Toolkit

[javascript]: https://github.com/airbnb/javascript
[animate css]: https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/
[anchorjs]: https://github.com/bryanbraun/anchorjs
[ant-design]: https://ant.design
[ant-design-pro]: https://preview.pro.ant.design
[ant-design-mobile]: https://mobile.ant.design
[amp]: https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml
[awesomes]: https://www.awesomes.cn
[awesome-blockchain-cn]: https://github.com/chaozh/awesome-blockchain-cn
[awesome-egg]: https://github.com/eggjs/awesome-egg
[awesome-electron]: https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-electron
[awesome-eslint]: https://github.com/dustinspecker/awesome-eslint
[awesome-flow]: https://github.com/dustinspecker/awesome-flow
[awesome-go]: https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go
[awesome-koa]: https://github.com/ellerbrock/awesome-koa
[awesome-react]: https://github.com/enaqx/awesome-react
[awesome-react-native]: https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native
[awesome-vue]: https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue
[babel-plugin-jsx-v-model]: https://github.com/nickmessing/babel-plugin-jsx-v-model
[best-resume-ever]: https://github.com/salomonelli/best-resume-ever
[clean-code-javascript]: https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript
[clean-code-javascript-cn]: https://github.com/alivebao/clean-code-js
[codewars]: https://www.codewars.com/dashboard
[docschina]: https://www.docschina.org/
[docsify]: https://github.com/QingWei-Li/docsify/
[easeljs]: https://github.com/CreateJS/EaselJS
[eggjs]: https://eggjs.org/
[element]: http://element.eleme.io/
[electron]: https://github.com/electron/electron
[electron-react-boilerplate]: https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate
[electron-vue]: https://github.com/SimulatedGREG/electron-vue
[eslint-plugin-react]: https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react
[eslint-plugin-vue]: https://github.com/vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue
[fe-tutorial]: https://github.com/windiest/Front-end-tutorial
[flow]: https://github.com/facebook/flow
[font-awesome]: https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome
[front-end-web-development-interview-question]: https://github.com/paddingme/Front-end-Web-Development-Interview-Question
[frontend-dev-bookmarks]: https://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarks
[gatsby]: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby
[git]: https://git-scm.com/book/zh/v2
[hexo]: https://github.com/hexojs/hexo
[high-performance-html]: https://www.w3cplus.com/performance/high-performance-html.html
[iconfont]: http://www.iconfont.cn/
[iview]: https://www.iviewui.com/
[iview-admin]: https://iview.github.io/iview-admin
[javascript-cn]: https://github.com/sivan/javascript-style-guide
[js.coach]: https://js.coach/
[kancloud]: https://www.kancloud.cn
[koa]: http://koajs.com/
[learnvue]: https://github.com/answershuto/learnVue
[leetbook]: https://www.gitbook.com/book/hk029/leetbook
[leetcode]: https://leetcode-cn.com/
[material-design-icons]: https://github.com/google/material-design-icons
[material-ui]: http://material-ui.com/
[mdn]: https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/
[mint-ui]: http://mint-ui.github.io/
[mongodb]: https://github.com/mongodb/mongo
[naotu]: http://naotu.baidu.com/
[node frameworks]: http://nodeframework.com/
[offernews]: https://offernews.cn/
[phaser]: https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser
[plainjs]: https://plainjs.com/
[pouchdb]: https://github.com/pouchdb/pouchdb
[pokeapi]: https://pokeapi.co/
[pokedex]: https://github.com/veekun/pokedex
[pokemondb]: https://pokemondb.net/
[pomelo]: https://github.com/NetEase/pomelo
[process on]: https://www.processon.com/
[react]: https://reactjs.org/
[react-weui]: react-weui
[react native ui]: https://github.com/react-native-training/react-native-elements
[semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors]: https://www.w3cplus.com/css/semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors.html
[sketch-feather]: https://github.com/feathericons/sketch-feather
[slides]: https://slides.com
[smallpdf]: https://smallpdf.com/cn
[standard]: https://github.com/standard/standard
[resumesample]: https://github.com/geekcompany/ResumeSample
[reveal.js]: https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js
[rough]: https://github.com/pshihn/rough
[ruff]: https://ruff.io/
[tampermonkey]: http://tampermonkey.net/
[tensorflow-js]: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs
[tinypng]: https://tinypng.com/
[velocity]: https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity
[vue]: https://vuejs.org/
[vue-hackernews-2.0]: https://github.com/vuejs/vue-hackernews-2.0
[vuepress]: https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress
[vscode]: https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode
[vue-tips]: https://vuejs-tips.github.io/cheatsheet/
[vux]: https://vux.li/
[wallhalla]: https://wallhalla.com/

Commit message:

Add some React-Native repo link

README.md, after:

# Daily Resources

Record some Front End and Node.js resources.

Continually updated.

## ACM

* [codewars][codewars]
* [leetbook][leetbook] A leetcode analysis.
* [leetcode][leetcode]

## Animation

* [animate css][animate css]
* [velocity][velocity] Accelerated JavaScript animation.

## Awesomes

* [awesomes][awesomes]
* [awesome-blockchain-cn][awesome-blockchain-cn] Awesome BlockChain in China
* [awesome-egg][awesome-egg]
* [awesome-electron][awesome-electron]
* [awesome-eslint][awesome-eslint] A list of awesome ESLint plugins, configs, etc.
* [awesome-flow][awesome-flow] A list of awesome Flow integrations, tools, tutorials, etc.
* [awesome-go][awesome-go] A curated list of awesome Go frameworks, libraries and software
* [awesome-koa][awesome-koa]
* [awesome-react][awesome-react]
* [awesome-react-native][awesome-react-native] Awesome React Native components, news, tools, and learning material!
* [awesome-vue][awesome-vue] 🎉 A curated list of awesome things related to Vue.js

## CMS UI

* [Ant-design-pro][ant-design-pro]
* [Iview-admin][iview-admin]

## Common Sources

* [docschina][docschina] 🔥🔥🔥 many docs by Chinese.
* [FE-tutorial][fe-tutorial]
* [Front-end-Web-Development-Interview-Question][front-end-web-development-interview-question]
* [frontend-dev-bookmarks][frontend-dev-bookmarks] Manually curated collection of resources for frontend web developers.
* [JS.coach][js.coach] 🎉 A manually curated list of packages related to React, Webpack, Babel and PostCSS
* [kancloud][kancloud] 🔥🔥🔥 看云：一个专业技术文档和书籍的写作和阅读网站和托管平台
* [learnVue][learnvue] Vue.js source code analysis
* [MDN][mdn] Cntains many Front Develop Sources
* [naotu][naotu] 百度脑图
* [Node Frameworks][node frameworks] Hand-picked registry of Node.js frameworks.
* [offernews][offernews]
* [Tampermonkey][tampermonkey] 一款免费的浏览器扩展和最为流行的用户脚本管理器
* [wallhalla][wallhalla] A best images collection.

## DB

* [mongodb][mongodb]
* [pouchdb][pouchdb] 🐨 - PouchDB is a pocket-sized database.

## Develop Using Libraries

* [anchorjs][anchorjs] Add deep anchor links to your docs.
* [EaselJS][easeljs] A library for building high-performance interactive 2D content in HTML5.
* [rough][rough] Create graphics with a hand-drawn, sketchy, appearance

### Vue

* [babel-plugin-jsx-v-model][babel-plugin-jsx-v-model] JSX Syntactic Sugar Plugin for v-model
* [vue-hackernews-2.0][vue-hackernews-2.0]

## Develop Tips

* [Vue-tips][vue-tips] Minimal Vue API

## Develop Tools

* [vscode][vscode]
* [tinypng][tinypng] Optimize your images with a perfect balance in quality and file size.

## Electron

* [Electron][electron] Build cross platform desktop apps with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
* [electron-react-boilerplate][electron-react-boilerplate]
* [electron-vue][electron-vue]

## Flow chart

* [process on][process on]

## FrameWork

* [Eggjs][eggjs]
* [Koa][koa]
* [React][react]
* [Vue][vue]
* [phaser][phaser] A fun, free and fast 2D game framework for making HTML5 games for desktop and mobile web browsers, supporting Canvas and WebGL rendering.
* [pomelo][pomelo] A fast,scalable,distributed game server framework for Node.js.

## Git

* [Git][git]

## Html-semantics

* <a href="https://github.com/BosenY/bookmarks/blob/master/html-semantics.CN.md">html-semantics</a>
* [semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors][semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors]
* [high-performance-html][high-performance-html]

## Icon

* [IconFont][iconfont]
* [Font-Awesome][font-awesome]
* [material-design-icons][material-design-icons] Material Design icons by Google
* [sketch-feather][sketch-feather] Sketch library for Feather icons

## IOT

* [Ruff][ruff]

## Other

* [amp][amp]

## Plain

* [plainjs][plainjs]

## Pokemon

* [pokeapi][pokeapi] A restful api for pokemon
* [pokedex][pokedex] More than you ever wanted to know about Pokémon
* [pokemondb][pokemondb] Pokémon Database

## PPT

* [reveal.js][reveal.js]
* [slides][slides]
* [smallpdf][smallpdf]

## Resume

* [best-resume-ever][best-resume-ever] 👔 💼 Build fast 🚀 and easy multiple beautiful resumes and create your best CV ever! Made with Vue and LESS.
* [ResumeSample][resumesample]

## Site generator

* [docsify][docsify] 🃏 A magical documentation site generator.
* [gatsby][gatsby] ⚛️📄🚀 Blazing fast static site generator for React
* [hexo][hexo] A fast, simple & powerful blog framework, powered by Node.js.
* [vuepress][vuepress] 📝 Minimalistic Vue-powered static site generator

## Style Guide

* [clean-code-javascript][clean-code-javascript] 🛁 Clean Code concepts adapted for JavaScript
* [clean-code-javascript-cn][clean-code-javascript-cn] JavaScript 风格指南
* [eslint-plugin-react][eslint-plugin-react] React specific linting rules for ESLint
* [eslint-plugin-vue][eslint-plugin-vue] Official ESLint plugin for Vue.js
* [javascript][javascript] JavaScript Style Guide
* [javascript-cn][javascript-cn] JavaScript Style Guide 中文版
* [standard][standard] 🌟 JavaScript Style Guide, with linter & automatic code fixer

## Tensorflow

* [tensorflow-js][tensorflow-js] A WebGL accelerated, browser based JavaScript library for training and deploying ML models.

## Typechecker

* [flow][flow] Adds static typing to JavaScript to improve developer productivity and code quality.

## UI Componets

### Vue

1.  PC

    * [Element][element]
    * [Iview][iview]
    * ...

2.  Mobile
    * [Mint-ui][mint-ui]
    * [Vux][vux]
    * ...

### React

1.  PC

    * [Material-Ui][material-ui]
    * [Ant-design][ant-design]
    * ...

2.  Mobile

    * [Ant-design-mobile][ant-design-mobile]
    * [React-weui][react-weui]
    * ...

3.  React-Native

    * [React Native UI][react native ui] Cross Platform React Native UI Toolkit
    * [styled-components][styled-components] Visual primitives for the component age. Use the best bits of ES6 and CSS to style your apps without stress nail_care
    * [react-native-wechat][react-native-wechat] rocket WeChat login, share, favorite and payment for React-Native on iOS and Android platforms

[javascript]: https://github.com/airbnb/javascript
[animate css]: https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/
[anchorjs]: https://github.com/bryanbraun/anchorjs
[ant-design]: https://ant.design
[ant-design-pro]: https://preview.pro.ant.design
[ant-design-mobile]: https://mobile.ant.design
[amp]: https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml
[awesomes]: https://www.awesomes.cn
[awesome-blockchain-cn]: https://github.com/chaozh/awesome-blockchain-cn
[awesome-egg]: https://github.com/eggjs/awesome-egg
[awesome-electron]: https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-electron
[awesome-eslint]: https://github.com/dustinspecker/awesome-eslint
[awesome-flow]: https://github.com/dustinspecker/awesome-flow
[awesome-go]: https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go
[awesome-koa]: https://github.com/ellerbrock/awesome-koa
[awesome-react]: https://github.com/enaqx/awesome-react
[awesome-react-native]: https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native
[awesome-vue]: https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue
[babel-plugin-jsx-v-model]: https://github.com/nickmessing/babel-plugin-jsx-v-model
[best-resume-ever]: https://github.com/salomonelli/best-resume-ever
[clean-code-javascript]: https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript
[clean-code-javascript-cn]: https://github.com/alivebao/clean-code-js
[codewars]: https://www.codewars.com/dashboard
[docschina]: https://www.docschina.org/
[docsify]: https://github.com/QingWei-Li/docsify/
[easeljs]: https://github.com/CreateJS/EaselJS
[eggjs]: https://eggjs.org/
[element]: http://element.eleme.io/
[electron]: https://github.com/electron/electron
[electron-react-boilerplate]: https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate
[electron-vue]: https://github.com/SimulatedGREG/electron-vue
[eslint-plugin-react]: https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react
[eslint-plugin-vue]: https://github.com/vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue
[fe-tutorial]: https://github.com/windiest/Front-end-tutorial
[flow]: https://github.com/facebook/flow
[font-awesome]: https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome
[front-end-web-development-interview-question]: https://github.com/paddingme/Front-end-Web-Development-Interview-Question
[frontend-dev-bookmarks]: https://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarks
[gatsby]: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby
[git]: https://git-scm.com/book/zh/v2
[hexo]: https://github.com/hexojs/hexo
[high-performance-html]: https://www.w3cplus.com/performance/high-performance-html.html
[iconfont]: http://www.iconfont.cn/
[iview]: https://www.iviewui.com/
[iview-admin]: https://iview.github.io/iview-admin
[javascript-cn]: https://github.com/sivan/javascript-style-guide
[js.coach]: https://js.coach/
[kancloud]: https://www.kancloud.cn
[koa]: http://koajs.com/
[learnvue]: https://github.com/answershuto/learnVue
[leetbook]: https://www.gitbook.com/book/hk029/leetbook
[leetcode]: https://leetcode-cn.com/
[material-design-icons]: https://github.com/google/material-design-icons
[material-ui]: http://material-ui.com/
[mdn]: https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/
[mint-ui]: http://mint-ui.github.io/
[mongodb]: https://github.com/mongodb/mongo
[naotu]: http://naotu.baidu.com/
[node frameworks]: http://nodeframework.com/
[offernews]: https://offernews.cn/
[phaser]: https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser
[plainjs]: https://plainjs.com/
[pouchdb]: https://github.com/pouchdb/pouchdb
[pokeapi]: https://pokeapi.co/
[pokedex]: https://github.com/veekun/pokedex
[pokemondb]: https://pokemondb.net/
[pomelo]: https://github.com/NetEase/pomelo
[process on]: https://www.processon.com/
[react]: https://reactjs.org/
[react-weui]: react-weui
[react native ui]: https://github.com/react-native-training/react-native-elements
[react-native-wechat]: https://github.com/yorkie/react-native-wechat
[semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors]: https://www.w3cplus.com/css/semantic-css-with-intelligent-selectors.html
[sketch-feather]: https://github.com/feathericons/sketch-feather
[slides]: https://slides.com
[smallpdf]: https://smallpdf.com/cn
[standard]: https://github.com/standard/standard
[styled-components]: https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components
[resumesample]: https://github.com/geekcompany/ResumeSample
[reveal.js]: https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js
[rough]: https://github.com/pshihn/rough
[ruff]: https://ruff.io/
[tampermonkey]: http://tampermonkey.net/
[tensorflow-js]: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs
[tinypng]: https://tinypng.com/
[velocity]: https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity
[vue]: https://vuejs.org/
[vue-hackernews-2.0]: https://github.com/vuejs/vue-hackernews-2.0
[vuepress]: https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress
[vscode]: https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode
[vue-tips]: https://vuejs-tips.github.io/cheatsheet/
[vux]: https://vux.li/
[wallhalla]: https://wallhalla.com/
